Okay, sorry,are going to talk about
(***)Okay, so how are you? What questions do you have?
Oh no.
Prime Minister from when?
I can't even name memory correct?
Honestly, I think, don't.
Overdo it because I don't think average Japanese people know.
Because sometimes the Prime Minister's change out three months.
yeah
okay
Monk?
What was the question about?
But was it someone famous?
You didn't have good research?  Oh, you had good research.
God...I don't know. What else?
names of the butterfly or is it names of the birds?
I don't even remember these questions.
I don't know...wait
okay
Okay okay..so.....
I don't know.Yeah,What else is giving you a hard time?
Yeah.
I think,in your level be picky about the geography.
I would say think of it through the eyes of cultural geography.
Why it is geographically?
That area, why was Osaka...
Geographically beneficial or advantageous for it to grow.
you
(***)
Poor..
not mountainous so you would need to know the mount that um
Surrounds it.
or what surrounds it or...
Like, like the rivers and stuff. Yeah.
So....
(***) with the
Goodeko, Yeah, that's a Japanese.....um
Like confectionery.
Yeah
Yeah, dotonbori
No, that's just the area, the market area in that.
But yeah.
No, I don't know.I don't know when.
OK, I'm really weak at Osaka. There you go.
I'm starting out. So if you're asking me specific questions about J-boy,
Its comfortable question,I need to study myself.
on that subject matter.
ho
I think the general trends, like the overall flow.
Um...
The whole area is what  taken being looking for.
so like um like kaisho meiji
like
That's a... No wait, it goes Meiji Taisho, Showa.
so.....and then,i sees
So I think you would be able to tell the general
Friends ,Its.....Yeah
Well, they'll ask about like this, I know.
What?
why?haa... no, not saying Japanese.
(***)in the Japanese war.
and then the Sino-Japanese like
(***)
Was it Meiji?  Oh yeah, it's 1903-ish..so...may i?
would been,so but then it would
the earthquake, like major events that happened that would...
Not mean so,impurial.You need to know imperialism.
Its  that's for forced Japan to
Yeah
okay...sorry